"To be fair I'll get hella views when I'm dead"
"Well I just killed a small child"
"I'm so good at hitting small animals."
"I had to take a break from drowning to get a glass of water."
"Blood for the blood god"
"Say it with me: not even close."
"SUBSCRIBE TO TECHNOBLADE!"
"Absolute power corrupts absolutely"
"This is my main game."
"I wake up on Monday, I stab celebrities in Minecraft, and then I just go to sleep for another week"
"Party Games is my major, English is the minor."
"All I know is anarchy, violence, and get subscriber."
"Peer pressure, peer pressure."
"Dibs on earth."
"If you have a problem, the answer is slavery."
"I have the vocals cords to rule them all"
"I'm about to speedrun this man's funeral."
"I guess you have to respect everyone, except orphans."
"I'm only getting by by the skin of my teeth, and teeth don't even have skin!"
"Discord scales your voice to your subscriber counts"
"To simp or not to simp."
"If I want to die to a fire, all I have to do is go outside."
"DANCE POTATO BOY, DANCE!
"Let me check my joke document..."
"It's like drop kicking a toddler."
"OK, this man should be taken seriously."
"I can tryhard any gaaaaaaaaaaaaaame!"
"Everyone just fell off the map by themselves... I'll give you a helping hand though!"
"This is the second-worst thing that has happened to these orphans in their lives."
"Withers are homophobic."
"Break a leg... and a neck."
"Chat, if my mic is muted then spam Canada."
"There's voices... Sometimes the voices say... E."
"ORDER, FREEDOM, LAG, the 3 pinnacles of Dante."
"Imagine dating a woman, total simp move, bro…"
"I've seen Irish famines with more potatoes than this!"
"I immediately headed to the safest place I knew, Afghanistan-"
"Lemme just slip the admins another $20 to keep rigging the game in my favor..."
”It’s a Black Friday sale on the Earth and it’s 100% off. Add to cart.”
"Dude, these orphans are getting destroyed."
'My baby needs to learn to understand theoretical physics.' The solution: A GUN."
"Officer, I dropkicked that child in SELF DEFENSE!"
"Everyone aboard the Technoplane!"
"One day, we'll look back at where we started, and be amazed by how far we've come."
"I have something that dream doesn't: comprehensive knowledge of ancient China."
"If I had another hundred lives, I would choose to be Technoblade again every single time."
"Aggressively we all defend the role we play. Regrettably time's come to send you on your way."
"We've seen it all: bonfires of trust and flash floods of pain."
"It doesn't really matter, don't you worry, it'll all work out."
"We hope you enjoyed your stay. It's good to have you with us, even if it's just for the day."
"Outisde the sun is shinin', it seems like heaven ain't far away..."